iPhone: Hey, how you doing,
iPhone: Yeah, I was.
iPhone: Like 15 minutes
Richelle Direny: Time you clock in exactly
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Maybe later in the day, it takes a little bit longer.
iPhone: Yeah, ladies like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You're here now. That's correct. That's my
iPhone: Only question to her was
iPhone: Like
iPhone: Why like five
iPhone: More
Richelle Direny: 550, you have to leave your house.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay, we're just going to go over your treatment fine today. So that'll be fine.
iPhone: I'm sorry about that. And somebody kept calling me an outstanding rejection phone call and and it just kicked me out.
iPhone: I apologize. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I think this is our first individual after our initial appointment.
Richelle Direny: Can develop your treatment plan.
Or burning your goals.
Richelle Direny: So when you think about
Richelle Direny: Like your history. I know.
Richelle Direny: You know, when we look at your history.
Richelle Direny: We talk. Hold on.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so when I look at your history, you said that one of the things he talks about was being on and off.
Richelle Direny: You know you've been on and off drugs for about 10 years
Richelle Direny: You first started using marijuana at 15 years old and that then you shifted to alcohol and then you'd use some old yet at the age of 19
Richelle Direny: And then you started using it recreationally so you've tried fentanyl like you've done. You've done quite a few things. So in terms of like at this juncture, like where you are now.
Richelle Direny: In your life in this role on your current role to recovery. What is it that you can
Richelle Direny: Identify that you want to work on.
Richelle Direny: What is something that. And so in our session, we're going to kind
Richelle Direny: Of go into just the meat and potatoes of what it is that you want to work on what your, what is your, what do you see in your field of view. And then we develop like what are the short term goals of how you're going to
Richelle Direny: accomplish that.
iPhone: Over
Richelle Direny: Each time that we meet. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what is something that like when you think about, like, your goal is, how long have you been sober from anything
iPhone: And
iPhone: Most of the longest of like
iPhone: Oh year
Richelle Direny: Right now, you've been so
iPhone: Long right now. Let me see. Okay. Probably about three months.
Richelle Direny: Okay, three months.
Richelle Direny: So when you think about your journey now.
Richelle Direny: What looks different for you now than it did back then. What is your motive. What is your current motivator.
iPhone: My current motivation is and I'm like, on Saturday. One of the things like on Saturday I got married.
And
iPhone: my fiancee. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: For only met not
Richelle Direny: Girlfriend of
Richelle Direny: America.
iPhone: She was feeling
iPhone: Yeah.
iPhone: And and and that's like one of my motivations, and the other one is like, like I want to do things for myself, but I'm just tired now.
Richelle Direny: So let's just start
Richelle Direny: The relationship so discard on your relationship goal. So you're saying
Richelle Direny: One of the biggest motivation is your relationship. So what about this relationship that gives you motivation, because you want to build you if that's one of your goals to maintain long term sobriety. You have to be
Richelle Direny: honest with yourself about what does that mean, like, what is it about. I mean, my belief is that unless y'all made it like a contract to say, you know, maybe
Richelle Direny: Three years ago and get rough, then, you know, will this work. And if that's not what you're you're saying, I want you to be my ride or die until we die.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's if that's what your, your
Richelle Direny: You want to do. What about VAX thoughts you be my writer, you're motivated to me to want to maintain yourself.
iPhone: And like basically like someone that depends on you. Some of the you can depend on someone like someone that that can rely on you like and
iPhone: This is basically like being responsible and and and want like when you see somebody is that once you do better.
iPhone: And you know, you always wanted to do better. Finally got somewhere in there for you like Europe that wants to do better.
iPhone: It's like, I don't want to let that person down and I don't let myself down like this. Like my first serious relationship. And I want to make this work. And then, and then I know about continue down that path, the path that I was going, it wouldn't be won't work at all.
iPhone: So in an end and then like she doesn't use anything so so so I'm able to like stay away from using a benign anybody they use Nestle one main thing that that's been different. For me this time. I'm not around. Anybody who's using anything so
Richelle Direny: Let's say you want
Richelle Direny: To work flash. Let's see.
Richelle Direny: Do you want to work on the relationship
Richelle Direny: Improving you want to work on improving your relationship with your new wife.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
iPhone: Maintaining maintaining a positive relationship.
iPhone: Because we've we've been talking for a while, did for a while.
Richelle Direny: What is the new Boston
Richelle Direny: Like sense
iPhone: Like I met her like okay to be like a year and a half a year and
Four months.
iPhone: Or a year or five months because like the end of November.
Richelle Direny: 2018 so
Richelle Direny: Would it be best for them to say, and then we'll keep checking will maintain the goal over a period of time. So would it be best to say that you want to
Richelle Direny: Want to understand what it takes to maintain
iPhone: A marriage. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yes, that's a good way to put it.
iPhone: That's a great way to put it, because I don't know what it takes home, find out
Richelle Direny: You, you're gonna find. Are you ready for this.
Richelle Direny: That's the question. You ready for this, you know, I'm okay now. Are your parents together so
iPhone: Yes, mom. My mom and they've always been together a whole life.
Richelle Direny: So what from that. Can you say now is it that you want to because you said that you're African right
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay and your, your wife is African as well.
Richelle Direny: Yep. Okay, so that's a good thing. So you're both from Somalia, you say you're from
iPhone: Yes, Molly up
Richelle Direny: Someone so you went all the way to somebody in
iPhone: Columbus, but a cheat sheet sheet you the same descent, which is the laser
Richelle Direny: Light from the tribe or whatever. That's what you mean. What does that mean,
iPhone: And I know like she's, she's also Somali Somali descent. So
iPhone: We're both
iPhone: We both came here, young grew up in America basically American Americanized
iPhone: Man She's
Richelle Direny: Very nice.
Richelle Direny: That's very, very
iPhone: works, it works.
Richelle Direny: Oh yes, because you understand the culture you understand the norms, you understand just everything with the culture and everything. And what's acceptable and what's not within the family context.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so is it something is it like when you look at your parents relationship. Um, is it something that you want to after in your own or you use it as a precursor, not a precursor, but something that
Richelle Direny: You want to use to model.
Richelle Direny: What you did there in your marriage.
iPhone: And just like everything else. There's a lot of good things. And there's a lot of this some bad things and and one thing that I do want to emulate is they've always put each other, no matter what happened and I want to be able to do that.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you want to understand what me to stay together.
Richelle Direny: Because that's very important.
Richelle Direny: Understanding what it means or what it takes to stay together.
iPhone: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because that's all. Oh, that is very hard, my friend.
iPhone: This this times were before even starting always like
Richelle Direny: Well, the honeymoon. You have the honeymoon period.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that
Richelle Direny: Can be very short lived.
Richelle Direny: And then you have the
Richelle Direny: Works that long lived it feels like
iPhone: Hoping that we get to that point.
Richelle Direny: It was promised.
Richelle Direny: Me. Think about it for a moment, think about it for
More
Richelle Direny: If you How old are you,
iPhone: And 30
Richelle Direny: So if you're a. So just for 30 years, are you the eldest, or are you the youngest
iPhone: Like middle
Richelle Direny: So just think about just 30 years and the only couple you know you're talking about your parents has been together at least 30 years
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So how long have they really truly been together.
iPhone: Probably like 40
Richelle Direny: listening right now. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Your MAMA. DIDN'T LIKE YOUR DADDY for a long period.
iPhone: Yeah, those times that I've even seen a
Richelle Direny: Tell you
iPhone: Yeah, so
Richelle Direny: I promise you this, it will come. It's understanding what it takes to get through those very hard moments.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and that's what it is. It's understanding that because the good times will come and the good times will be great and the good times. It's like, Whoa, it's the hard times the stiff time that you have to understand that because in those hard times, that's when testing comes
Richelle Direny: And that will test you to figure out a way to cope with those hard times.
Richelle Direny: And for you. One of your main coping skill and history has been told that your main coping skill is to turn to drugs and alcohol. So now you have entered into a Union that will come and I promise you this, I guarantee, as much as I know that I am dark
iPhone: Horse. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It's going to come. It's how do you get through it and understand it, when it comes and when you're in a if that you're saying
Richelle Direny: I'm going to stick through it and I need to find healthier ways to get through it without turning to anything.
Richelle Direny: That was asked me the depth of my relationships.
Richelle Direny: And the depth of your relationship.
Richelle Direny: could simply come with you choosing to turn to this and her ability to say whether or not she's going to stick with it.
Richelle Direny: Because as you say you're from a culture that they have their norms, they have their morals, they have their values they have all of that stuff. And though you're you both are very familiar with that.
Richelle Direny: From an Americanized standpoint, you're going to want to put your American eyes and norms and values into that.
Richelle Direny: Now you think different you see life differently. You don't like you know what i'm not my mom and dad, and I'm not like how it is in our culture. This is how it is. And this is what y'all know so it's understanding how do I cope
Richelle Direny: I'm in understanding and maintaining the mayor. So how, what are some of the objectives is that, um,
Richelle Direny: So one of the things you can do is to learn effective ways to communicate.
Richelle Direny: That's the key.
iPhone: Communication.
Richelle Direny: Communication. Communication could be the death of any relationship and
iPhone: So far I've learned that people say that she's always right. It's, it's really true. It's real.
Richelle Direny: Always is a big word.
Richelle Direny: Always is a big word. A lot of the times, women look through different a man looks through a different lens than a woman. So I wouldn't say always, because she's wrong sometimes. And you're right, times
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's, it's, you know, but communication. So learning
Richelle Direny: Learning learning effective ways
Richelle Direny: So I'm learning. I'm learning effective ways how to communicate through different topic. Um, it's
Richelle Direny: Once you learn that. And you don't have to necessarily wait until because communication is something that naturally, not just in a relationship.
Richelle Direny: Also know that it's not just like normal because on our jobs we could you know you're on a job and somebody say something to you and
Richelle Direny: You think, oh, he say that right or he didn't pose that right. And so now because of something that I said to you that have you looking at me sideways, even when I'm speaking to you about things that you need to know.
iPhone: Because you
Richelle Direny: Don't on how I say said something to you. You didn't hear anything else after that. And so now here is this company because of this communication barrier now various a breakdown in communication and everything after that.
iPhone: Is completely
Richelle Direny: complete breakdown in
Richelle Direny: Communication simply because you said something and on I'm stuck on and all I heard. And so anything you said after that. I'm just hearing it through this lens or or through this. I'm
Richelle Direny: Little Horner, that what they call those things blow horn is like. Now you can through this blow horn Australia negativity and then I'm saying, hey, that. Well, that's what I heard you say so now the breakdown in communication. So,
Richelle Direny: Learning how to effective communication. It's knowing the art of
Richelle Direny: Just communication learning of just naturally through us how you communicate
Richelle Direny: If you don't understand being saying and saying hey you know what we understand that. Could you explain that. Or this is what I know what you said and practicing those skills, you will learn that in your regular relationship because everything once you start working through and identifying
Richelle Direny: All of these skills, guess what.
Richelle Direny: You're going to
Richelle Direny: Then learn how to implement these healthier effective coping skills. Because when you think about coping skills you're not just thinking about, okay, what coping skill. Can we talked about today.
Richelle Direny: No coping skills is all wrapped up into our everyday lives coping skills is. So for instance, an example of what is wrapped up in our everyday life, like I was just on a
Richelle Direny: conference call with a few people and one person said something and not to say that I didn't agree with but I was kind of getting
iPhone: irritated with it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: What, how I how I coped with the situation, how I dealt with the situation is that I speak.
Richelle Direny: And why do you think I stopped speaking in that moment.
iPhone: Let them get out what they wanted to say.
Richelle Direny: About what was it doing for me. The minute I said, Because I remember I said I got irritated with the person's
iPhone: Name. Calm down. Calm down.
Richelle Direny: It just gave me kind of calm down.
Richelle Direny: Reflect allowed me in that calm down and just to reflect because if I spoke during my irritation. What do you think would have happened.
iPhone: And you would have probably said something wrong.
Richelle Direny: Straight up.
Richelle Direny: I was feeling in that moment I was about to pop off but
Richelle Direny: I just said, You know what, let me calm down. Let me just go straight stayed silent.
Richelle Direny: Because now.
Richelle Direny: You know, what if I just
Richelle Direny: allow myself to not let my emotions come through this, then this conversation could have went a whole nother direction, simply because of how I was feeling from it. So that was a coping skill.
iPhone: I'm sorry, I think I muted you by accident. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Oh no. What did you say where you
iPhone: Know, and my doubts, call it from my phone. I couldn't hang up.
iPhone: Last time
iPhone: He kept calling and I didn't want to keep rejecting an angle for your last my folder. So as much as my sister for another phone so I was going to text them like a I'm on point for Coke. I apologize.
Richelle Direny: So, so
Richelle Direny: So that's just what what it looks like when you learn
Richelle Direny: Effective ways of communicating is being able to identify those emotions that come up in that new during the that communication back and forth.
Richelle Direny: It's like okay. How am I feeling angry. Am I feeling irritated, am I. How am I feeling is his phone and depending on how I'm feeling. I just now need to learn how to address that.
iPhone: Yes, it can give me one second. Rochelle apologize.
iPhone: Hello, I'm sorry.
iPhone: He
iPhone: English is a language so
iPhone: He just kept calling
iPhone: Him a text.
iPhone: Or phone call.
Richelle Direny: That's the language we speak
Richelle Direny: Somali Somali
Richelle Direny: Go. That's what it's called Somali
iPhone: Somali people
iPhone: Some people say Somalian, but just the language just Somali
iPhone: People, so my lease and the country Somalia.
Richelle Direny: Oh, OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: During each time that we meet, we'll just check in to see kind of, you know, ways
Richelle Direny: Even the honeymoon period. You could even talk about the talk about like in, you know, something that may be something that was said, whether it's through relationships for work or whatever.
Richelle Direny: Being able to identify that and talk about, like, what is it that I did to implement, um, you know, a communication skill that diffused a possible argument or whatever it is, it is.
Richelle Direny: OK. Because, like, literally, like when I say, and that's why I use this example because I know in that moment I was getting so aggravated and the way that I was, I hope, with such passion at times.
Richelle Direny: Where I said, Okay, you know what, withdraw retreat. What do they treat retreat. That's what I answer show. Retreat. Retreat, because by continued, then the whole purpose of the communication back and forth would have been lost in translation, simply because my emotions took over at that moment.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Oh. Um, what is something else that you said not so we just talked about communication. What is something else that you said that you would like to
iPhone: Okay, this communication.
iPhone: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Just when you think about some triggers that you have
iPhone: Oh, okay. And
iPhone: I'm
iPhone: Just like like Mike and maybe like having trouble worked or something.
iPhone: We're like,
iPhone: Okay. Like, for example, like there was a time when I was having trouble just finding finding work extremely job I will go from, where is the White House and claim your and it was just like
Richelle Direny: What do you think what what what was one of the difficulties you find outside of just finding more
iPhone: And I
iPhone: At the time of license was suspended. So I had a hard time getting to work show ups asking people for rides and stuff. And it was like a
iPhone: Consistent person to give me right so sometimes I'm like, you know, like entitlement like are they not picked me a while to come before. Why is this why is that
iPhone: Blaming problems on other people. That's really my problem lies, get your license fix whatever they do not have to fill in title like that animal
Richelle Direny: For learning. It's called
Richelle Direny: Self care. It's called
Richelle Direny: I can't
iPhone: Like self reliance and something
Richelle Direny: Not suffer line.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I can't think of a bit, but basically the skills that you need to be able to, like, not just work, but just
Richelle Direny: Being life skills.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now for you said right now you're working in construction. Right.
iPhone: Yes. And as an electrician apprentice.
Richelle Direny: Do you are you certified in that
iPhone: And I'm I'm
iPhone: I'm gone, I'm taking classes online for like
iPhone: I'm taking class online to become eventually down the line three, four years from now, maybe Engineer But, and they're going to send me to school to be to be certified like it takes like three years to go to the electrician school and but that was like one one day four hours.
iPhone: One week one day we four hours a day for like say regularly like this like kids go to school from September to eight to me.
iPhone: Just like that every year. So one is four hours once a week and you only take you don't really take a lot of homework home, stuff like that. But you guys very soon and stuff but
iPhone: We like a lot of hands on stuff. So I'm working as a medical professional soul school shouldn't be that hard. I'm probably ahead of most of my classmates, because I'm already working as an electrician.
iPhone: So there's really two hours, three
iPhone: Hours, you got to put in long hours, and every hour, you work comes told is your school
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
iPhone: So that's why I kind of like finally like made a decision on on like in a career or something like that startups like jump.
iPhone: Bouncing around like trying to chase that like I was making more money at the warehouse. But then in the long run. I don't want to be willing, guys, a Hollywood been at the warehouse or 20 years and I don't want to do that because I don't want to be able to like have a career.
Richelle Direny: What so the goal would be, um, you know, learning to identify life skills. I'm there that are beneficial to you or that yeah that
Richelle Direny: And then how you're going to achieve that is that you will attend a weekly groups.
Richelle Direny: Ever scheduled individual session and during that time, that's where you'll be able to share, you know, something that you were able to identify or, you know, things that you need to work through just to learn different life skills.
Richelle Direny: And then one of the other things related to like relax because given that this is the year you know he's just three months you're newly married so everything it's somewhat new for you not to say that it's not new for you to
To
Richelle Direny: You know, start your journey or sobriety, but new in terms of your sobriety now is attached to a marriage so it
Richelle Direny: Was hatched to a new life. It's just everything for you. So that would in itself can be overwhelming especially what we're right now in life.
Richelle Direny: But seeing that's going on all the newness can get you know the the wonderful nice, it's great. It's my wife is all have come to a
Richelle Direny: Halt simply because of everything that's going on and that need and that desire to be that man and to support and to provide to all these things, it comes down to. You're not
Richelle Direny: Able to do that.
Richelle Direny: You know that can just meet get overwhelming. So being able to identify another goal, recognizing and defining triggers to relapse.
Richelle Direny: So for you, like, what are some triggers for your realize
iPhone: Just
iPhone: Like maybe like like right now. It's like, it's probably a little bit harder than it was in the past because even prior
iPhone: To this three months there was like gaps in between where I will go back for a little bit, then I'll go back clean again and go back a little bit longer periods probably go back
iPhone: longer periods ready. So I've been trying to stop for a while. This is just and one of my triggers is wrong people the wrong place.
iPhone: The wrong time. And sometimes that's, that's all, that's all it takes me sometimes like me to walk into the wrong place at the wrong time, and they just
iPhone: Have bad their work argue with her some like that and maybe arguments like like really bad arguments. And if I walk out of the house and
iPhone: In some of the world personal calls will come pick me up and I go with him on might end up making a mistake, but even write them in there.
iPhone: And Leah account myself like good remorseful even while I'm like drinking whatever I'm doing. I'm a damn. I know I shouldn't have done this, I can do that really didn't care as much now care Livermore, it's not even said even enjoyable.
iPhone: Most of time I was doing it because everybody else done
iPhone: Something I was like a fall on
Richelle Direny: Okay, so one of the things that I want you to do is to be able to, I won't say because tomorrow. Listen, I think I don't forget you can group tomorrow, either six o'clock, you could
Richelle Direny: And. But even with the group.
Richelle Direny: Um, I want you to be able to
Richelle Direny: Share in group like each week. I want you to identify
A trick.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, a trigger to a possible relax or a bad thought or that feeling to a relapse or, you know, just something that basically sugar, like, you know what, hey, I was salivating for whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: Because that released when you think about side of it and you don't want to think about just food.
iPhone: I look you had a moment like that today. Where is God brought some edibles weed brownies work.
iPhone: Couple of the guys. One of the guys like agent and stuff. And I really didn't get triggered that I was a bump back a lot of evidence that I said last week.
iPhone: I was like man eaten it won't hurt. What I'm like, Nah, no me no
iPhone: No one doing
Richelle Direny: And that's good. You identify
Richelle Direny: I know myself it okay while it may not hurt but
iPhone: It might be different for you.
Richelle Direny: But you know yourself and being able to identify that. That's good because you identified my keep my trigger
iPhone: Is. Oh, wow.
Richelle Direny: I know me one little taste is gone.
Richelle Direny: But we're we're down
iPhone: To
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Okay, so I want you to be able to, so that's good. So each week we're going to be able to identify
Richelle Direny: That were you able to accomplish that even include I'm
Richelle Direny: Emotional Joe, what do you have, what are some emotional triggers for you.
iPhone: Rejection me
Richelle Direny: Huh.
iPhone: Like rejection like still like
iPhone: Like like not getting the love that given up whatever
iPhone: So just being region being rejected by weather is gorgeous specifically your spouse or
iPhone: Yeah. Others like and
iPhone: her like she doesn't. She doesn't
iPhone: She doesn't, she's a real life person, but maybe there might be times where she turns into something
iPhone: To be can be my family. It could be her
iPhone: That's an emotional one that I can think of.
Richelle Direny: What are some relationship triggers.
iPhone: Like that are
Arguments with your spouse.
iPhone: Siblings also
Richelle Direny: You know, kind of, what about um
Richelle Direny: What are some healthy coping skills that you would say you have
iPhone: Like, like, I'm like, now I exercise, exercise.
iPhone: And
iPhone: Focusing on other things like like work, school. Like right now I think class don't want to take one class every
iPhone: Five weeks online. So it's like a lot of work, so I I focused on now.
iPhone: I keep myself busy.
iPhone: Work school on school and once school starts. I'm gonna be really busy.
iPhone: So yeah, let's keep myself busy and I know the longer I stay with me longer like like notice
iPhone: When you practice but
Richelle Direny: What about some
Richelle Direny: People that you can call upon when you're feeling like when you need that additional support or
Richelle Direny: You know who are somebody that like if especially what today where, you know, hey, you know what, like I'm having a strong urge, I want to eat these brownies or whatever, who is something that you could have called upon to help you talk you off the cliff.
iPhone: My fiance. My older sister.
Richelle Direny: Who you're here. Thank you for your Fisher one
iPhone: Yeah, but we can talk like you heard like, stuff like that.
iPhone: Like now you know she likes your mind what we've been through, like, like you shouldn't types, you know, gonna like to, you know, put that down. Stop yella yella to go crazy she always does it in a way of like too smart for your age.
Richelle Direny: Or older or younger older or younger.
iPhone: Yes, when you're younger than me.
iPhone: But still, like,
iPhone: We're both
iPhone: Like
Richelle Direny: I think our thing just cut off here.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Brittany Mount: Hello.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I can know
Brittany Mount: How are you good how are you
Richelle Direny: I wasn't sure if you were gonna make it because
Brittany Mount: I was having problems connecting
Brittany Mount: For some reason,
Richelle Direny: Well, no more. So
Richelle Direny: Because like whenever I send out a text is to get the confirmation
Brittany Mount: Yeah, oh yeah, I didn't get it till like five, it was like
Brittany Mount: Five to seven stand out with my grandmother
Brittany Mount: Taking care of her because her. She's got home health that usually comes and takes care of her, but the late her like carrier. We got sick.
Brittany Mount: So they have been taking any chances with this. So I haven't seen out there for like two weeks and I don't get like no service out there and I left today. They had to do a drug test and my pill count and stuff. And I got the
Brittany Mount: Little confirmation thing whenever I left and I told them whenever I checked and let you know i'd be I'd be. Come on.
Richelle Direny: So when I when I when I met with you. The last time.
Richelle Direny: You. That's where you work in the service was really bad.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, well, my pant. I was on my mom and dad's which is like right beside it.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, it was. I don't know, like usually that's the best place I have because they have a
Brittany Mount: Booster like a cell booster and I'm usually like you get full service. There are no problem. But I don't know, like, ever since this whole stay at home stuff and everybody's
Brittany Mount: Using the internet and it's like it's just so drowned out like out where they live. And then I guess there's like a tower down and other stuff. So services been like crappy
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, you can't even hardly get text messages to go in and out, much less anything else.
Richelle Direny: Up here.
Richelle Direny: Let's go over. If we have a treatment.
Richelle Direny: Time that we are
Richelle Direny: You are you, what time do you go to groups on Tuesday at
Brittany Mount: 130
Richelle Direny: So you went to prove this person.
Brittany Mount: And not this week, every other week so
Richelle Direny: Every other week.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, not yesterday, but last week.
Brittany Mount: I just put more out she won't like she goes, she wants my grandma wants to go to bed at like
Brittany Mount: Six, seven o'clock in the evening and then she'll get it up like two, three o'clock, and it's just don't sleep at night at all.
Brittany Mount: And she's up and down, and she has to have somebody with her like
Brittany Mount: To help her up and down and all that. Like, you have to be right there with her and
Brittany Mount: It's been wearing me out. I'm not getting no sleep time I get to sleep. She's waking up looks like.
Richelle Direny: She has
Brittany Mount: Yeah, and Parkinson's.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Yeah. So then, and then there is there is also
Richelle Direny: Dementia.
Richelle Direny: Related to Parkinson's, I believe.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'm not sure.
Richelle Direny: There is that one dimension really like you get the dimension because of the Parkinson's, but I think it depends on
Brittany Mount: How bad or maybe what like how I don't know exactly. I know she's got them both, but
Brittany Mount: Not sure like this whole like circumstances to it or whatever but
Brittany Mount: Like me, she knows who everybody is as long as like you're around her enough
Brittany Mount: If, as long as you come around, you know, kind of frequently like she knows who everybody is and stuff like that. But she'll just be like, so you can be walking to get up together the kitchen or something. And this totally forget like
Brittany Mount: How to walk or some lights like she forgets to like put her feet in front of the other and or so just completely forget what she's doing and turn around and go back to sit down and just, I mean my like most of its minor stuff right now, but oh
Brittany Mount: And then she's starting to like kind of see things like my dad has cows and stuff out to their house. Well, she they moved the cows to a different part of the
Brittany Mount: Field and stuff, the other day. Well, she got up in the middle of the night and was swearing that the neighbor kids and my daughter.
Brittany Mount: Was outside messing with the cows in the middle of the night and she got some Irish trying to steal them and
Brittany Mount: Just all kinds of stuff. And she's freaking out. And I'm like, Grandma. Nobody's over there, she said yeah haha look out on the road with their flashlights, like they're chasing the cows and
Brittany Mount: Something I was just like, Okay, yeah, I see. I'm like, trying to do like just agree with her cuz she's not getting any given
Richelle Direny: Time. Sometimes. Sometimes I have to say, especially, and I learned this from a person for a welder for a person from working a mental health facility.
Richelle Direny: One, especially with a person who's delusional. Sometimes you have to enter the delusion with them, right. You have to just, you just agree because otherwise the fact that sometimes it can be at them round up, it could get really angry and frustrated because they're seeing what
Brittany Mount: To get it real frustrated with it like yelling at me like you don't see them, you better use, like, go ahead. What
Brittany Mount: walk outside in my
Richelle Direny: Walk over. Hey, sometimes you have to enter it with them and then even when you enter it with them and just say, yeah, it's out there and
Richelle Direny: You know what tell this. So, whatever. Okay, I'm going to tell them to go away and arm a time to do this and then that calms them down.
Richelle Direny: Then you can lead them back to what it is that you want to do.
Brittany Mount: Yeah. Yes.
Brittany Mount: She does like woke up in the middle of the night and went straight over to the window, you heard that. You heard him out there. Yeah. When this
Richelle Direny: All comes with yelling
Brittany Mount: Now the kid, the kids.
Richelle Direny: So sometimes to get them to do what it is that you want them to do kind of have to
Richelle Direny: Just, just just appeal them and just say appease them and just say, Okay, I will talk to the kids. I'll tell them not to do something. And sometimes, like, even though you just want to go out like let's say if you go out there and you're going to smoke a cigarette or whatever. No.
Richelle Direny: Because on the Listen are you, I did not hear you speak to them.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you're gonna be out there talking to thin air, but you know sometimes I mean you're not going to necessarily do you have to just kind of know when and how to do it to kind of
Richelle Direny: win them over, but eventually well with the dimension. They're never there they believe what they believe, but
Richelle Direny: Does she have she have any under other
Richelle Direny: Other underlining mental illness.
Richelle Direny: Outside of the fact that she's dimension.
Brittany Mount: I don't think so. Like, she's at
Brittany Mount: I'll go on at or just turned 86
Brittany Mount: But I don't think there's any other like mental issues or anything, but I don't know because you never really let you know. I mean, she's old fashioned she was going to go to the doctors and stuff until she got like older older and
Brittany Mount: My grandmother just passed away.
Brittany Mount: I'm gonna say five years ago and she like he had cancer for 25 years and she had to cut and he had was paralyzed one arm and
Brittany Mount: Some other stuff, so she had to like kind of wait on him hand and foot hit basically the last 30 years and that's all she ever knew was taking care of him, and when he died, it just
Brittany Mount: Like she don't have nothing to do. Now, and it is through she's already getting them into, for he past like she would be cooking and just
Brittany Mount: Just different little things. But once he passed away, then it started really turn into the light gets worse. But I mean it's not real.
Brittany Mount: You seem like a real big spike after he passed and stuff, but it's mistake I'm pretty at level like the last couple years or so, like, no, like, real big significant changes with it, but
Brittany Mount: Yeah, she's getting by. She's just getting older and forgetting things
Richelle Direny: So how are you, I feel like it's a segue into because one of the things that I want to do is to
Richelle Direny: I don't even say update your treatment plan is to do one because in all our time. I think we just do like regular homework or I'll just say hey you know for homework. This is what I would like you to do so now like to have something here like working toward you know
Richelle Direny: Really, I should I should really put long term it will be long term, short term goal.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I've been. I've been doing fine. Just taking care of her, and
Brittany Mount: Just trying to go through this whole everything being shut down and which you don't want me on the store because she's afraid I'm going to get sick, so I guess and
Brittany Mount: My dad or whoever, and nobody's you know what nobody else in her house, she really didn't want me like leaving but I issue. If I told him coming to my house or something like that. And just to grab clothes or
Brittany Mount: Change out whatever I need or, you know, something like that. And she's okay with that. But she thinks I'm going to the store somewhere. She lips.
Brittany Mount: As you know, around anyway showing somebody at her house and which, I mean, I understand. She only gets sick, she's
Brittany Mount: Older and all that stuff. So
Richelle Direny: What about what about your
Richelle Direny: Your well I know with everything being shut down your, what do you follow for more
Brittany Mount: Yeah, and then they wait this kind of put us off until
Brittany Mount: All this kind of calm down because nobody can tell you get a few people, but
Brittany Mount: They let a lot of people though for now. So, and I'm waiting on unemployment to
Brittany Mount: Tell me something I signed up like this. I can't. The second week I fallen planet and I haven't heard anything you just says pending.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Did you not get your system or
Brittany Mount: Not yeah
Richelle Direny: You have your bank account today.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Right.
Brittany Mount: h&r block cards. And I guess.
Brittany Mount: So I had to. I've got on today and put in advance.
Brittany Mount: So, it said that it would be within 72 hours they would
Brittany Mount: Have it updated information and maybe it was
Richelle Direny: Ok ok because
Richelle Direny: My voice.
Brittany Mount: He got on there and check his today and it said it was the positive that we score it seemed like such a high volume. People call me down. You can't check online. It's that health and safety ended stay
Brittany Mount: Positive
Richelle Direny: BREAKING UP, YOU'RE BREAKING UP. BEN.
Brittany Mount: I'm
Brittany Mount: I'm sitting
Richelle Direny: I know, I know it's it's just all of a sudden the band is just freaking out, like, I hear you. It's just coming through very crackling
Brittany Mount: Okay, and
Brittany Mount: Um, but yeah, he checked an IRS and it was halted, but like I
Brittany Mount: Just
Brittany Mount: Showed up yet, or what
Brittany Mount: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Um, well, I mean, it will come through. Pretty soon because I mean there's not really a whole lot you can do all you have to do is
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Sign into your bank account of why money is there. So, um, but with with everything like with the fact that you were laid off. I know earlier in our earlier in the year, we're talking about
Richelle Direny: Excuse me, you were working towards I'm
Richelle Direny: Going to the beach with your daughter for the summer there.
Brittany Mount: Yeah yeah yeahs a little bit hold, which I mean my bills are pretty much paid up and stuck. Is he still
Brittany Mount: He was still working till a week ago, what you like power plants and stuff like that. Um, but he's gonna be put on the
Brittany Mount: He's gonna put on
Brittany Mount: An appointment now.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, everything's been paid and all that stuff. It's just
Brittany Mount: Yeah, just hold on, hold on.
Brittany Mount: He was trying to order food, so you didn't know it was doing. Let me, sorry.
Um,
Brittany Mount: But yeah
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Um, so yeah.
Brittany Mount: Our bills are pretty much like a duck and everything like we're not really behind on anything right now. Thank god like he's been able to work past you know further past me so he's only been like a week now so
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Well,
Brittany Mount: Yeah, like our minds. Okay, right now, how
Brittany Mount: How it's gonna be like another week.
Richelle Direny: A week at a time. You got to take a week I
Richelle Direny: Guess, a good weekend.
Brittany Mount: With my grandmother. I'm like, are paying they're giving me a little bit of money to like come out and help which I told him, like I didn't even want paid, but
Brittany Mount: My grandma insist on
Brittany Mount: Something so I mean if I need cigarettes or is not like that. Like she bought me a carton of cigarettes going out there and
Brittany Mount: I'm just shake your hand, if I needed anything was going to be there, like she got the whatever, but I like I thought there and she's like enemy this bag of several like, well, this is Mike saying that you don't believe
Richelle Direny: So what it was it with everything in light of everything that's going on. I know that I'm in the last time in reviewing or notes from the last time.
Richelle Direny: That we met. I know one of the things. Um, let's see if we can develop a call from it on one of your identified thing was your anxiety. Do you still like being diagnosed with anxiety.
Richelle Direny: And depression, anxiety,
Brittany Mount: I'm
Brittany Mount: Going to talk to you like that. I don't know. It's a really bad day. And I've had. I think that was the last
Brittany Mount: Time that anything like I haven't had any more sense than
Brittany Mount: Um,
Richelle Direny: What the pet what what the
Brittany Mount: Panic like a, like, yeah, I was having like a panic attack on today. Like it just, I just, I don't know. I couldn't like you know without feeling for some reason, but
Brittany Mount: It's like, I haven't had that happen again. But
Brittany Mount: Um,
Brittany Mount: Everything's been pretty much just kind of normal
Brittany Mount: Because spider.
Brittany Mount: Man up there. Like it just kept one of mine video with her and stuff. I'm just so tired and we're out since I want to be sleep whenever I do get a chance
Brittany Mount: So,
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I mean I have it in mind. I'm like, I'm having Preston awesome guys is
Brittany Mount: It like for a month or about a month. It was just like battle time and the last couple weeks has been
Brittany Mount: Like as bad. Would you can't really get into see any. I don't
Brittany Mount: Know,
Brittany Mount: Like I was, I think the last talk to you I was going to call it like the doctor's office and see if they could
Brittany Mount: Like put me back on sometime medication. It's been so long since I was gone. I don't know if I'd have to see them first, or what. And then it's like not really happening again. So I was just kind of like to write it out until all this like
Brittany Mount: Little bit.
Brittany Mount: Um, I don't know exactly what I'm gonna do with it or how I'm going to do about getting. I mean, I know I'm happy with medicine.
Brittany Mount: Just to get my you know everything back together, which
Richelle Direny: When you think when you think about your anxiety. What do you think is the trigger to your anxiety. Like what, like I've had people say their anxiety is related to maybe fear or anger or whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: You know, fear of our relapse, or whatever. What is you think is a trigger.
Brittany Mount: Like is this
I'm
Not sure.
Brittany Mount: I've had
Brittany Mount: It on and off three years, but
Brittany Mount: I don't really know. Like what, when you
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, you had problem with like for years.
Richelle Direny: You said, um, would you say that your anxiety has triggered who wanting a intense desire or a desire, I shouldn't even say intense
Brittany Mount: Desire to us to help you to get has before like
Brittany Mount: It's like never before guys to have like problems with
Brittany Mount: Like my anxiety and like one like relapse and stuff like that. But I was on like Suboxone nothing like that. I'm
Brittany Mount: Being on the Suboxone like I mean I haven't had
Brittany Mount: Issues is my anxiety. I mean, they're probably a month or a, I don't know if it's were like, well, my pills makers and all that stuff. I don't know if that was all like my body count off for a minute.
Brittany Mount: Because once I got back on them and was still happening for a minute, but
Brittany Mount: I don't know once like a lot back after like a couple weeks. But once I got back my system like no
Brittany Mount: I don't know. Like, what if it was like, you know, with the VM all that was
Brittany Mount: Really when I'm honest. Awesome. Like, I don't really have a whole lot of
Brittany Mount: anxiety issues that
Brittany Mount: I don't know.
Brittany Mount: Like my mom or whatever, like if I do, if something does happen like Linda. It was like
Brittany Mount: I don't really think I don't think about user, not just like I just wanna cry or
Brittany Mount: Or
Brittany Mount: Just can't just build it or something.
Richelle Direny: So, so I think it's a good goal, I would think. Is that being able to
Richelle Direny: Identify triggers to your anxiety because I think one of the things that I can remember you being the anxiety that came about was when your pills I gotten stolen and not being able to get a real and just kind of everything that surrounded
Richelle Direny: That were you had ended up I think
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, that's one thing.
Brittany Mount: But yeah
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but just overall being able to understand to understand the triggers to it.
Richelle Direny: Learning how to I think once you you are, you're able to identify the way you can work on
Richelle Direny: Coping or getting through are working through
Richelle Direny: An anxiety provoking moment or situation it's being able to identify being able to understand, Okay, especially, even if, like, when we had crossed that that one day when the pills that gotten stolen and kind of the catalyst that happened right after
Richelle Direny: It saying it's just saying to yourself, um,
Richelle Direny: For that to happen, you know, the you allowed your child. Your daughter's father comes to the House.
Richelle Direny: When he came to the house. This is all that happened, then you started in that moment you were having relationship issues, then you have to go seek out because now you're thinking about
Richelle Direny: You're going through the withdrawal or even not being able to get your medication. So that moment that alone everything related to that. And the idea of not being able to get it or being able to afford it or where to locate and everything that could have spawned out of fat.
Richelle Direny: Could have blown away. Is it attack because
Richelle Direny: Of the thought and this is what happens in that particular situation that day so much other things could have spun out of fat.
Richelle Direny: And just the anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Because of how we think about it and all that we add and take away from the situation.
Richelle Direny: Brings on an anxiety attack because now you're getting nervous because now your mind is going into overdrive because it's creating all of these different scenarios. I like to
Brittany Mount: Have thought about that for so long and
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: The sun is like
Brittany Mount: Try to move, so I can see
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, deal with that issue for
Brittany Mount: Over a year and then all of a sudden it was like bam here yes what you get here with
Richelle Direny: One of the things that we can do is we you know you being able to identify it and like for each week that you go to group. It's, um,
Richelle Direny: Identify trigger for that week.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Identify a trigger for that week.
Richelle Direny: And sharing it.
Richelle Direny: In group. What were you able to do to
Richelle Direny: How were you able to identify it and what were you able to do in the moment.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So you're going to do this, um,
Richelle Direny: During either group or are so being able to identify the trigger for that week and sharing it in group I'm
Richelle Direny: Bi weekly
Richelle Direny: Because you go to the group. He says bi weekly right
Brittany Mount: Yeah yeah it's every two weeks now.
Richelle Direny: And then
Richelle Direny: So just what school was implemented.
Brittany Mount: What, what, what was the last time.
Richelle Direny: And what skill was implemented in that moment.
Brittany Mount: Okay, so just like right now I'm those three things for, like, so whenever I have to them.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Brittany Mount: So like when I get a green light have like different scenario, the time since I do
Richelle Direny: Decide what about the scenario and
Brittany Mount: Or I like I've. Okay. Whenever I get one of them in groups, like you said, every week.
Brittany Mount: Like pinpoint one them identify a
Brittany Mount: So when I go to somebody live every two weeks. What I share like to your experiences or
Richelle Direny: Whatever experience. I like, I know you go to the group string you go to join groups like you can just, you know, as you're checking in.
Richelle Direny: Things that you can share, like, you know, something that you're working on, like, you know, you know, whatever. However groups like in for the group that I run
Richelle Direny: I always talk about like with the check in. Where are you grateful for.
Richelle Direny: Something, it could be, Hey, you know what, I'm grateful that I was able today to identify a moment I an anxiety provoking moment for me.
Richelle Direny: Was x and this is what I was able to do to get through, because not what you're speaking to is your ability to be resilient.
Richelle Direny: That's what you're speaking to you're speaking to your individual ability to become resilient and and in speaking to that you're sharing with others. Hey, you know, you can do this to this is how I was able to do with this.
Richelle Direny: I was able to separate myself from the emotion of it all and I was able to consciously cognitively, think about, hey, let me take a step back.
Richelle Direny: This situation is making me really anxious and I need to be able to separate myself from this, so I don't get so anxious to the point where I'm unable to control my anxiety that could lead to a panic attack.
Richelle Direny: So that's literally what you're speaking
Richelle Direny: To you understand
Richelle Direny: So yeah, because in everything.
Richelle Direny: That you do. It's an emotion. We all have all kinds of emotions. Yeah, they're not bad. They are emotions that we learn from each and
Richelle Direny: I the emotion of fear, I can learn from it, anger, I can learn from it, anxiety, I can learn from it. Whatever happiness I can learn from it, sadness, I can learn from it. Hell, depression is something that I can learn from. Now you wouldn't say that necessarily is an emotion.
Richelle Direny: All of us get diverse like
Richelle Direny: No one.
Richelle Direny: Right. The only person who doesn't get the press is made me a newborn because they don't understand it. You see, I'm saying
Richelle Direny: Everybody gets right Chris
Richelle Direny: Um, when it becomes depression becomes only an issue when it starts to infiltrate your daily life where it upsets you're on able to function in life. It has consumed you so much that you're you're unable to do any thing else
Richelle Direny: That's when it becomes like an issue. So all of these emotions. We go through, we feel we experience the quick question is
Richelle Direny: How can I learn to
Richelle Direny: Be in control while I'm experienced this emotion not allowing this emotion to control me so like I was sharing with someone else, an emotion that I felt today was I was getting annoying. I was talking to. I was on a conference.
Richelle Direny: Of their colleagues and I was getting annoyed by something that someone said,
Richelle Direny: And because I was getting annoyed. What do we do when we get annoyed, sometimes when we're speaking in that moaning dependent on the type of person that you are your voice accelerates
Richelle Direny: And when your voice accelerates you speak with a lot of passion. And so with that passion, it can be viewed as very rude. It can be viewed as arrogant. It's, however, that person their perspective.
Richelle Direny: Of how you sound when you're speaking in that passion. Well, look, I was getting really annoying, but when in my annoyance in in whatever I was saying the emotion that I was feeling was kind of coming. It was filling up
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And in that I was wanting to pop off.
Richelle Direny: But then I had to catch myself and I had to say retreat for show retreat. And so in that though I was feeling the emotion.
Richelle Direny: Cognitively I was able to identify how I'm feeling in this moment. And so I was quickly able to regain control of myself to be in full control of the emotion retreat and how I handled it was I got real quiet.
Richelle Direny: So in that moment for you, like in everything that I just said, what do you think me being quiet did for me scary.
Brittany Mount: Time to kind of think to yourself, and
Brittany Mount: Refrain like no hold in just a minute. And like kind of thinking of ignorant mind until you could come up like speak without worrying some
Knowledge Schrader
Brittany Mount: However,
Richelle Direny: Straight up.
Richelle Direny: He has
Brittany Mount: Some time on now.
Richelle Direny: That's it. That's the whole time. It doesn't show it is it saying that I'm week. Is it seemed that I'm defeated.
Richelle Direny: Is it saying that I have no self control it saying the complete opposite.
Richelle Direny: It saying I have a
Richelle Direny: Lot of control.
Richelle Direny: That's a lot of control is saying that I didn't
Richelle Direny: Have enough control in that particular situation.
Richelle Direny: That I took I stepped back to be able to calm down to hear everything. Everyone says without making a comment because if I made a comment will be few the wrong way. And so now the communication line.
Richelle Direny: Has just got so distorted so convoluted and now you go in a direction that the conversation was never intended to go
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's literally what you're what you're doing when you're saying, Let me find a way to
Richelle Direny: Makes me anxious what triggers a particular emotion or what emotion is triggering anxiety for me if that's one of the biggest things that I struggle with where I lose self control.
Richelle Direny: And once you're able to identify that. So for me I identify that the conversation was annoying me and in annoying me it was getting me angry. And so I had to retreat, so that I can start thinking clearly
Richelle Direny: And in the end, so now I think after I got off the control the call someone reached out to me and they're like, Hey, were you still on the phone. Yeah, I was on the phone. I heard a whole conversation.
Richelle Direny: But it didn't marry me to even have a response to it a response because if I did, I knew what I can do. So it's all about knowing you. And that's the thing.
Richelle Direny: To you really truly know yourself.
Brittany Mount: That's probably not as much as I need
Richelle Direny: I mean, and that's it's something it's something for you to really truly think about, do you really know yourself. Because if you know you're I know who I am and how I know who I am, oftentimes if
Richelle Direny: Everyone who comes in your life is telling you the same things repeatedly because sometimes we're blinded to how we respond in a situation
Richelle Direny: Or how we get we're angry and we're frustrated. We're very blinded by that because hey, I put myself in a box. I don't have a mirror to see my reflection.
Richelle Direny: And I don't know how I sound because there's not a recording this playing back how I'm responding to something. There's not a video looking at me to replay how I'm responding to something
Richelle Direny: Because I'm all stuck in myself and being stuck in myself. I can't see my reflection. So then therefore
Richelle Direny: I really truly don't know how I respond in the situation. I think I know. So over the years. If somebody everybody's coming in my life and telling me the same thing. Hey, let me start. Let me think. Am I really truly like this and if I am. Let me find a different way of how to address it.
Richelle Direny: Like one of the things that you said when you like
Richelle Direny: During your, your time of
Richelle Direny: In active addiction was a certain behavior that you displayed and how you responded and just kind of hold you with who became and now that you're on this road of recovery you. I remember in one of the sessions you share that your father said he recognized the change
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But. And in that moment you recognize okay you recognize the change. What is it about me that really truly did change.
Richelle Direny: And it's really identifying what is in me that change. What about me that's changed. Is it the way I walk is the way I look is the way I talk is the way I respond, what is it about me is it that my mother gets under my ever loving skin and I found a different way to respond to it.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: But anymore. I'm just like, ignore and walk away like this smile and
Richelle Direny: See you roll your eyes and smiling like or whatever you smelled a walk away. They think, Oh, she does the ocean. Oh no. Oh no, I know why I'm walking away.
Brittany Mount: Because you get an undefined Evelyn. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I respond to you. I miss something and going to re correct. So let me eat normally ask away because you have to decipher. Is it you speaking or is it that alcohol in your system. This speaking because I really need to know who I'm speaking to
Brittany Mount: Yeah 9% of time. It's the alcohol.
Richelle Direny: In the moment when you're frustrated, you're going
Richelle Direny: To be thinking about, like, yeah, who am I talking to him. I talked to my mama or am I talking to her.
Richelle Direny: Evil Twin Sister
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: You have to think about that, you know,
Richelle Direny: So that, that's just kind of how you find a way. So those are some of the things I'm. What are some I'm
Richelle Direny: Self care like your own self care. Like, what is it that you do.
Brittany Mount: I journal a lot. And then like my meetings, I'm
Brittany Mount: Just take some time. Just take a walk is to be myself. I think thing.
Brittany Mount: Um,
Brittany Mount: Ah,
Brittany Mount: Just like I like fix fix it builds a relationship with my daughter, more like that helps me a lot is, I was um I've not been the best father before you know all that so helpful like to just build the relationship with her learning how to really parent and then
Brittany Mount: Hey, I'm
Brittany Mount: Just i mean i just i take care of myself better now than I did an addiction, like I didn't care. I was getting high.
Brittany Mount: I didn't brush my hair, you're not like I just some days I would just be ratchet.
Brittany Mount: That way I make sure you know i mean bay that everything's taken care a lot i g i take care of myself better
Brittany Mount: I'm not ingesting and putting all the bad crap my body oven that are
Brittany Mount: Actually trying to lose some weight right now so
Brittany Mount: Eat Healthier
Richelle Direny: I know you said one of the things that you do is you journal. Um, what is how often do you journal
Brittany Mount: I try to at least every like daily, but most of time. It's, it's, like, my god wants stuff because that's kind of
Brittany Mount: It's been like every other day every couple days, something like that. That led to a few times a week.
Brittany Mount: But I wasn't doing it like every day there for a while.
Richelle Direny: So I'm and I'm trying to incorporate. One of the things that you're healthy coping skills that you use to identify with your self care routine. And the reason why I want to
Richelle Direny: Put it like that, is that at least journal, at least once per week year to even though you said that you were doing it weekly even though you like it.
Richelle Direny: But even if you intentionally say at least once a week, you're going to journal your journey, whether it for that week or for that day, what is something that you did right for yourself whether it's you know you exercise for that day, or that week or you chose you chose a healthier option.
Richelle Direny: For whether it's breakfast, lunch, or dinner, whatever it is, and just talk about like how did you feel being able to accomplish that one goal.
Brittany Mount: OK.
Richelle Direny: OK. And it when we, when we meet, because I know we meet
Richelle Direny: Once a month now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but
Richelle Direny: When, when we meet you can talk about you know even share like maybe an entry in your journal as it's related to your own self care because you're absolutely right when you when you're an activity addiction, you're worried about whether you how you look for makeup do this, am I looking
Richelle Direny: Right in tight and
Richelle Direny: Am I looking cute.
Richelle Direny: You know, is everything and all in the
Richelle Direny: You're not thinking about that thinking about chasing that next higher, have you
Richelle Direny: So it will to put that in and
Richelle Direny: Saying, because again, everything is you're telling yourself how good you feel you're saying, so I felt so good today to be able to do my hair or to do makeup or to put on something and feel good in the skin that I'm in and being able to recognize it.
Richelle Direny: Because you're, you're, you're not. It's not that you're doing it, you're
Richelle Direny: Able to recognize it and you're in a state you're in that place of sobriety or in that state of mind that I did something for myself and unlike the feeling that I have and I'm able to recognize it. Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I was already kind of kind of doing something like that. Anyways, what about I drew like just talking about like day or, you know, anything that happened or
Brittany Mount: Just like talking about different stuff that I've been trying to like eating wise stuff like I've, I've heard about that a couple times so
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Oh. Sorry. I keep yawning I sewed higher
Know that's
Brittany Mount: Got an hour how
Richelle Direny: Did you say that you did, um,
Richelle Direny: You said that you wanted to
Richelle Direny: Like change your eating here because you're trying to lose weight.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, a little bit late.
Brittany Mount: I mean, I'm happy my weight kinda is just where where all the wasteland.
Brittany Mount: Do you see here and get my body together or I mean I need to exercise a little bit
Brittany Mount: Something to boost my energy because I just been like just sluggish. You know, I mean Fillon I just try and stuff kind of boost my energy, a little bit shine was fulfilled betters, not so great time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I would say, do you think it would be too much if you say
Richelle Direny: One healthy meal per day.
Richelle Direny: Or per week.
Richelle Direny: What we are realistic for
Brittany Mount: That I know we've been eating like every day.
Brittany Mount: Like I've cut down I'm eating like I felt like my starches and like that a child it as many like I have one cheat day weren't there sometimes to cheat days, but like I've been a lot more salads and
Brittany Mount: fruits and stuff like that like shiny and more natural sugar than
Brittany Mount: Like stuff like artificial sugar or stuff you put sugar in
Brittany Mount: I mean a lot of fruit salad.
Richelle Direny: So then what about I'm a realistic because if this is know if you're a haven't been consistent, would it be safe to say to implement one exercise routine per, at least for a week or implement maybe a 30 minute exercise routine for the week.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, we're gonna say, I need to start something i just i hate
Richelle Direny: When you, when you think
Richelle Direny: But think about exercise like what I've done in the last few days, I literally just walk someone like you saw me back because I'm thinking, oh, it's, it's so sunny honor, because I'll take a walk.
Richelle Direny: Oh, crap. It's raining. So every weekend. Yeah, but literally as wanting
Brittany Mount: A WALK, I walk all the time and stuff but like maybe like been talking about like trying to, like, just do some workout video or something, at least a couple times a week, something like that. And I just kidding.
Richelle Direny: But then, so that's why I said if you did it. Um, if you did it like at least will implement one exercise routine per week.
Richelle Direny: At least you know I just need to get one for the week. And don't think about. So like, even though you want the time you're not thinking about it as exercise, but it is a form of exercise.
Richelle Direny: So if you think right yeah in my walk today I'm going to be intentional about, you know, I'm going to grab a bottle of water, even if I just walk around the block or whatever it is that will be or I'm gonna tie myself. At least I know that I've did at least one for the week or
Richelle Direny: If you are watching like a video because since everything is on zoom
Richelle Direny: Or it's on.
You know through
Richelle Direny: Everything. So you can at least turn on the TV and you do it if you're a game where she has any type of video games. I know that, especially ones to the V or the patient or something like that. The ones that are interactive
Brittany Mount: That
Richelle Direny: Let me tell you something. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Because if you play one good game any one of those interactive things. I guarantee you the next day is going to tell you you worked me yesterday. And that's why you feel in this pain.
Brittany Mount: You yeah when you've been those things I used to have. Where did
Brittany Mount: We fit and
Brittany Mount: Years ago and and whatever happened to it. Yeah, yeah, those things.
Brittany Mount: If you're not used to working out and you jump on this, again, both of us.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, you're gonna pay for
Richelle Direny: The next day, your body is gonna say, Oh, you think he was gonna get away with it.
Brittany Mount: You remember what you did to me yesterday. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So um yeah I know it too well because I was just like, whoa.
Richelle Direny: This is too much.
Richelle Direny: Work I'm hurting. I'm and so the other thing in terms of one of the goals is just tried to, um, I would say.
Richelle Direny: Just maintain. Do you go to groups have you been going to groups.
Richelle Direny: Now not every
Richelle Direny: Year. Have you been meeting with your, your sponsor or talking to your sponsor.
Brittany Mount: We talked about. We haven't had any
Brittany Mount: We've talked about. We talked on the phone every day basis, pretty much, but we haven't met for
Brittany Mount: A little over a week maybe
Brittany Mount: Maybe two weeks. But I mean, we've been saying contact and stuff like that. We just haven't went out and done anything for I've been. I've been. Grandma's for Neil invoice. I'd love to go as my house for that out there. But yeah.
Brittany Mount: Oh,
Brittany Mount: Wow. She called and checks on me a couple times a day. Now, and I've been out there just isolated so
Brittany Mount: He tries to keep me laughed and then everything but yeah we open up or nothing.
Brittany Mount: They feel it was having in a meetings for a minute. They were just doing them like outside at our like at a park downtown and, like, just making sure we're going to save their distance or whatever. But they shut that down.
Richelle Direny: And they will
Brittany Mount: They will have an
Richelle Direny: What is um
Richelle Direny: What are some emotional triggers for you.
Brittany Mount: I'm
Brittany Mount: Losing like
Brittany Mount: A boss to come people my life.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: losing a loved one.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: My, my, my uncle died like Oh goody. When I was 12 like I was everything went to Rio de to whatever that kind of like that hit me hard dad to me and then
Brittany Mount: I had my best friend or brother was murdered and me and him was really close.
And
Brittany Mount: I'm a blob ones I'm
Richelle Direny: losing a loved one. Um, or
Richelle Direny: It doesn't have to be passing away, but just losing a loved one or friend or loved one, right.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, I'd say like yeah relationships like
Richelle Direny: What our relationship triggers.
Brittany Mount: Like was my daughter just how things used to be. I mean, I just haven't been the best mom like just in the last couple years. Yeah, good things have been great, but just looking back like this stuff that I've done.
Brittany Mount: Just there things that kind of sometimes and with my mother, she would definitely
Richelle Direny: Like to go ahead
Brittany Mount: Like relationships with people like that I got close with that. I just had that off because
Brittany Mount: They're out there and I can't I just can't be around it.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, I know that one of the trigger this with a relationship with your mother, and then also the relationship with your daughter we building that relationship and trust and all of that. And being a better mother towards your yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about events and situational triggers.
Brittany Mount: Probably this
Brittany Mount: I don't like running into those old people, or I'm
Richelle Direny: Just negative friends.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, friends.
Brittany Mount: Like you just go somewhere and there's little group of numbers that you know
Brittany Mount: Yeah, just like negative friend. That's a running and old people and
Brittany Mount: We're having them getting trying to get touch every seems like
Brittany Mount: There was somebody that I used to like kind of deal with whatever she moved up by my house, I guess, cuz I every time I gas station. This girl is standing outside backstage.
Brittany Mount: And she's trying to talk to him. Like, I'm just like, look, I'm clean i don't i don't hang out like that. I don't want to know more and but
Brittany Mount: Every time I go there, she's there is the same questions and just she's begging for place to stay, begging for money vegan. Like, I mean, I understand, like what her situation is. I even ask. I like that one.
Brittany Mount: But just having like that. Like, like I feel bad for but I can't. I can't do nothing to help her, and just, I don't want to see and people like that, or I'm having them trying to get in touch with your time or
Brittany Mount: I'd say that's probably see
Richelle Direny: Other people that are in active addiction.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That, that can be a picture.
Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Who is someone that you can
Brittany Mount: Call Begging you for some words today.
Richelle Direny: Um, who is someone that you can people that you can call your sponsor.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, my, my sponsor I'm
Richelle Direny: Very bad.
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
What or dad.
Brittany Mount: Or what about it.
Richelle Direny: What are some self soothing.
Richelle Direny: Or care behaviors that you've, you know, that can help you.
Brittany Mount: My journaling. I'm taking walks
Brittany Mount: Is going to get my nails done having them like me day or
Brittany Mount: Something like that, I guess.
Richelle Direny: What do I do you do you go with your daughter.
Brittany Mount: Yeah yeah man Hurley's well I don't always agree, but I think a lot of time just let her know will be painted
Richelle Direny: How does she
Get
Brittany Mount: 11 well and July, so I don't want to get nothing like that. I was having like
Richelle Direny: Oh no. Yeah, I've heard of. I remember getting my news and and I heard of and texting or somebody told me that someone had their seven you're getting acrylics off like
Richelle Direny: She wants them, but it's not happening.
Brittany Mount: For I'm not paying $50 for an 11 year old to get acrylic she's gonna break off. Boy, am I get home.
Richelle Direny: Oh, well, my daughter wants to get him but
Richelle Direny: I told her, there will be a time when you will be able to get them, but understand even though you see me with them. Sometimes
Richelle Direny: It the worst kind of pain is if you hit that sucker.
Richelle Direny: And it breaks down the center
Brittany Mount: Of her on yeah you'll never be that pain.
Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it hurts like a mother.
Richelle Direny: So all right, then. So, um, all right, then. So let's go ahead. I'm like, I said. So just kind of recap on some of your, your goal is just, you know, being able to identify your triggers.
Richelle Direny: I'm being able to share them in group and just just being more aware of yourself just being more aware of yourself.
Richelle Direny: Some of the things I have to find a way. But even when I do groups or our individual session is kind of having the background like a quote of the day that will be able to apply to you.
Richelle Direny: Because some of them that I've seen that are really good. I'm
Richelle Direny: To try to get them to share them with you through text messaging, or what have you. But like, even in groups or in session.
Richelle Direny: Is to be able to kind of have, like, this is the quote of the day or something that will be applied to you that I think would be very encouraging. Because sometimes
Richelle Direny: And things are very encouraging. Like, one of the things that I found. Like I shared it on told my groups was you don't understand the storms that we go through in life.
Richelle Direny: We've gone through many things in life, it's, I don't know if you've ever heard that songs are really old song which talks about, I could see clearly. Now the rain is gone.
Brittany Mount: I could see
Richelle Direny: Um, yeah. What is it, the sun. What is it I can see clearly. Now the rain and
Richelle Direny: I forgot the other part of it.
Brittany Mount: I went to the all the obstacles in my way I
Richelle Direny: Can now. Yes, I can see. Yeah, I could see all the obstacles in my way. And you think about it.
Richelle Direny: You're um and I think for a while. I'm going to kind of put that in the background and kind of really talk about that, like in group because when you really think about that line.
Richelle Direny: Your rain your store that you were in. Think about your active addiction. That was a storm that was like that was like a raging storm.
Richelle Direny: And everything that was associated to every trigger you had every high you chase like everything that was going on in your life. Everything that whether you use it was be due to an accident. It was due to a bad memory from your past, it was due to family history.
Richelle Direny: Of that storm. Now you're on this road to recovery. It's saying that your rain is gone now. You're at that place where you're slowly getting you've detox you're bringing it out of your system. I can now see the obstacles that are in my way.
Richelle Direny: I can see everything. And so for you and I would think. But you tell me when you think about like seeing this person each day on the corner.
Richelle Direny: And knowing what she's what like what is that for you. Is that like an obstacle that you can now see clearly.
That you're learning. Yeah.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah, I see, yeah.
Brittany Mount: I try. I don't want to be rude and like not not offer, but
Brittany Mount: I just don't understand what else I'm say I'm like you, I don't like I just don't talk. I don't often everybody. I'm like, okay, like that. And she still begging, please let me say, or can you say I saw broke
Brittany Mount: My boyfriend will throw a fit if I bring anybody there.
Brittany Mount: I can't have that they're not in my house. I know.
Brittany Mount: I guided else I can say like
Richelle Direny: In the question I asked you, knowing yourself if she was in if she came to, let's just say for for half a second. Think about it. She came into your house, your boyfriend your daughter everyone seeing she's in active addiction.
Richelle Direny: knowing yourself. What would you
Brittany Mount: Would that be a trigger really on things like
Brittany Mount: Yeah.
Brittany Mount: I don't, I don't know what I mean. Yeah, probably in a way
Brittany Mount: It would. It would, I'd say, you know what, it's going to end up triggering me but
Brittany Mount: Just seeing like her like that like standing at the gas whatever I hear it's like, wow, like
Brittany Mount: Man, I used to be like that or whatever, like in everybody knows that she's high because she she she never brought in to talk with you, but maybe tomorrow, same time, you know, stuff like that. It's just like I can see what doing. Now, which one are all good. I didn't care like
Brittany Mount: Okay, come on out school on house, but now I brought that in my house like everybody say hi getting
Brittany Mount: Like just being so shaky. Is it what I haven't let her come stay here. Like that's going to cause all kinds of issues.
Richelle Direny: And so that that goes back to knowing yourself knowing, you know, knowing yourself, but at the same time separating what you've known of yourself and say, I can see clearly. Now the rain is gone.
Richelle Direny: I can see
Richelle Direny: Yeah, when I was in active addiction. Did I really look like that was I really looking like that and if my daughter so used to see me like that.
Richelle Direny: I don't want to do. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Phone Yeah I not
Brittany Mount: Seeing enough. And I don't mean anybody else show anymore or like the team's been way too much of it is
Richelle Direny: You, your storm is our season life you have regained full custody, you have your daughter back in your life. And now you can work on building this loving everlasting relationship, though, they're still obstacles, but now I can see clearly that the rain is gone.
Richelle Direny: So yeah alright alright so let's see. Let's jump into a me nine nine for me. And today is
Richelle Direny: Wednesday.
Richelle Direny: Let's do Wednesday at six o'clock best for you.
Brittany Mount: Yeah, that's fine.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's do the sixth Wednesday and
Richelle Direny: May 6 Wednesday at six o'clock.
Brittany Mount: Make six
Richelle Direny: At six and I'll send you
Richelle Direny: In group just don't. Dr. Jamison or john I say it seems like they kind of do reminders for
Brittany Mount: Yeah, yeah, they always ask us when our next
Brittany Mount: One on one is
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. But I'll send you a reminder for it. Okay.
Brittany Mount: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm said, but if you
Richelle Direny: Are now and if you're a for you if you're ever able, you know that they have the eight o'clock groups on Tuesdays.
Brittany Mount: Yes, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I have you down. OK.
Brittany Mount: OK.
Richelle Direny: I will see you. Be safe because and you know just choose you've chosen you just continue choosing you
Brittany Mount: Okay. All right. Yeah. I will see you on the six
Richelle Direny: Alright. Have a good one, you too. Bye bye.